Add findfirst, findlast for searching char in strings (#31664)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

New library functions
---------------------

> * `findfirst`, `findlast`, `findnext` and `findprev` now addresses search for a character in a string ([#31664]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `findfirst`, `findlast`, `findnext` and `findprev` now accept a character as first argument
  to search for that character in a string passed as the second argument ([#31664]).
```
